

IDEAS

Vector or pixel based?
    Conversion from one to another potentially
        would be solid research but also seems super difficult if not outright impossible
    Potentially have both types, and use separate files
    potrace

Storage size
    browser allows up to 5mb in localStorage
    compression algorithms?
        how are we storing drawings? Kind of relies on first part here
    cookies?
        cookies are text files
        cannot be edited, but can be set to expire and then resent
            so really can be edited, just annoyingly
        browser standard is 300 cookies, although exact number supported is unknown
        maximum size of a cookie is 4096 bytes
        cookies are TINY
        4096 * 300 gives just over 1MB, which means cookies don't really solve the storage problem. Might as well just use localStorage, or else use a different solution
    if this is a desktop app, there aren't any storage limits (:
    if this is connected to a server, there are much laxer storage limits until the user goes offline, at which point the storage restriction returns, now filled 
    with a burning fury and the blood of 3 young goats. I wanted those goats to live. 



    webassembly - code written in rust / C
        low-level, compiles to assembly, gets loaded into the webpage in a module
        callable as javascript
        uses much less memory


CONCRETE TODO

just get a vector drawing system on a canvas
see if you can draw, move points around
    use bezier curves between each point
    cp1 - velocity from start point
    cp2 - reverse velocity from end point

















OFFTASK

    why is go difficult?
        how does cosumi play go?
            cosumi is super flexible
            takes super large areas and then uses influence to make your groups small
        cosumi doesn't play like a human, which makes them difficult to play against
        well what do humans do?
            humans have ideas of what they want from a game
            you can more easily pressure a human's group, more easily predict the ways they'll defend, and use that to get more points then them

        so logically go is difficult because it's difficult to determine what gives points
        and cosumi has a better handle on which moves will give the most points, hence the title "distracted 5 kyu"
        cosumi will just give you an area if you try hard enough because it thinks that'll cause you to not take other areas while it does


